Draft royalty rights reserved


In the Beginning there were two Pacs, I am both of them.  They are not of me and they are.  City Quarter National Semi-Finals are over and I am the Champion.  May Gotama let the new age of party rocking hip-hop start with a flash, a bang, a switzensoul... A shiezter, that aint me, I'm a Switzersoul.... Alta can attest to that. 
In the Beginning, or in the middle somewhere, the Lovreton Policy Enforcement, and the Don Knotts cameth unto me.
"Andy, what in Sam hell is Samuel Lovreton allstar finalist doing on our show? "
"Well I don't know Barn..."
"My concern here Andy, is Lovretons Quater National Semi-Finals are next thursday, or last thursday,  give or take a week and a Champion has already been named?  Samuel Kinison is coming to Lovreton.... Andy it says right here in the paper, Samuel is the Champion past tense plural, get Lula-May on the Phone,.... Ma bell can you patch me, to Mrs May, thank you, CIty Quarter Semi-Finals are yesterday?"
"Lula May here, Hello Barn can you hear me?"
"Lula May Lula May.... you're a judge on the City Quarter Semi-Finals"
"That's right"
"Is it true then that there is already a Champion"
"Well Barn, the thing about depression is YOUUUUUU CANNNNNTTTT LETTTT ITTTTT GETTTTTT YOUUUUU DOWWWWWWNNNNNNNN.... and the medications for will keep you from getting it up..., Just kidding Barn, this is Sam, here is Lula May"
"Barnie, uh I mean Don Knotts,... as I was saying... in Lovreton City Quarter National State Semi-Finals, there is but one Champion and I am convinced without pretense, that Sammy will represent us. Now I know what youre thinking, how could he, and what happens if, and has God lost his mind, but it aint like that Don, and blasphemy to you for suggesting it. 

Here's what I'm trying to tell you, He's a Fort darling, in his heart around his People, an Englishman at least... Barn what do you hope for?  I hope for more Fort children to rise up and teach the ways of the Lord the way Samuel has been taught and trained to do.  Now in the Beginning there was me and your mother, and our two sisters and a nephew and a Billy Goat, Stanley, I aint no Billy Goat except I am.... Where the Stanley Cups are Titletown you'll find me... here's Lula... In the Beginning, or somewhere in the middle there was Sunshine and there was rain and then God came and flooded the villages and one man had a struggle but he listened to God and built a big boat big enough for his kin and stock and diversive species... It was a Fort, the body is a vessel Barnie Rubble, dats what I'm trying to tell you... and in that vessle the Holy Spirit occupies.  We are with you, we are in you, we are every direction at least, at most, we SEE EVERYTHING and know EVERYTHING, or at least we can find out, and here's the thing, you all will go on to occupy the Heavenly Body that is our.... enough talking about that... Barn what I'm trying to say is, He doesnt just look like a Lovretons Semi Quarter Finals Contestant, he aint that, Was he a contestant?  Of course it's Lovertons Quarter National Semi-Finals Championship... it was a competition and it still idn't.  Dont get hung about in the whats or what haves you or the have knots... or the Fort nots, or Fort isn'ts or the Fort aint's because the thing about a good Vessel... We're with kin.  Your kin, our kin, he's one of ours.  And God bless you for raising him.  All of you and we mean that.  He knows it.  He's a good boy, he's just <me> LOOOOOOOOUUUUUDDDDDDD AND KINDDDAAAA PECULIAR. 
He's also honest to a fault.  You know he one time stole a $100, when he was 9 years old from under his cousins bed and then confessed on himself right here in public?  This burdens him today.  This is not the worst of his burdens.  He is seeking, willingly, aren't you Samuel <me> Yes... <Lula> To go before his teachers and family and the junior alumni staff at the Lovreton City Officials Office, which is HIS Office btw... and confess his sins.  Not because it is a burden for which he suffers with, he did, does in a way and doesn't, as he's been accepted by us and confessed and walked through every blemish, every temptation, or most temptations, as a High Priest, in his heart for which there were no actions, with rigor and integrity he shines unto us, and shows unto me with measure, who he thought we was, and who he was, who he thinks he is, and who he is becoming, through contrition, owning everything that is shone and done unto him, and others.  He Loves unconditionally, and he Lovres through Love, yall, we, taught him that.   Hashtag Shoutout David.... Bless your everloving heart... When Gotama took, almost everything from him,  he took it in stride, in as much as a wimper limp strides or walks line wise one foot in front of the other... His gratitude is beyond his muster, he lovres because he seeks to Love unconditionally and honestly, earnestly, but he also enjoys poking fun at the absurdity of the experience and we got to get everyone, in the family, at least, in the world at most, to a place where they will accept him as he is because Samuel is not a violator.   Samuel is a Philosopher Prince King... He is childlike and also sternly serious.   Bright but an idiot on purpose, because what is really going on in this experience anyway.  Samuel is no vagrant... He stole a little bit of money early on in life but never extorted or otherwise stole from his business partners or wife, or Parents... except maybe a few Tabs of Lora when he was Chimically Dependent.  Now wait a minute right there... sounds like a violation... but it aint and we're not going to explain it, but it just wasn't.... sensational yes... lame... sure.... but no one was in lack and that's my point.... I don't have much else to say but shame on you Federalis for making this man seem worse than he is... WE ARE GOING TO GO THROUGH MOST OF IT...  And that was 10+ years ago.  Where is the testament of mankind as it is today in this moment?  Here in Sammytown USA.  Your property values will go up.  Who wants to see the One man show?  Well Samuel is shy, which is why he has trouble gauging the volume of his voice, because he spends most of his time alone.  Like many people do these days.  And maybe you've never done these sorts of things and maybe they are violations in some contexts, these are not those contexts, with the exception of Josh and the $100, but now listen, he was 8-9 not 18.  And he hated himself for doing it, his heart wanted to fess up as it were but he didn't feel comfortable because of his overwhelming shyness... which brings us to the Chemical Dependencies… 

In Lovreton there are two Officials I am not One of them I am two of them.

So anyways…. Chemical Dependency… hashtag opiate epidemic, I preempted this is in a way and now I can talk about it… Lula may, take it away…

So Moshima as it was told, so it was written
EVERYONE - AS IT WAS TOLD SO IT WAS WRTTEN
 
As I was saying… He’s a good child of God actually, now I know this may seem odd at first but this is what the temptations which present to a Lovreton Official prior to becoming Officiallly an Official.  Why?  Well I just can’t say, I mean look around you people, the opiate epidemic is well underway, and we have a Servant of the Lorn, here who has hands on experience with temptation and an understanding for which to convey and bring people to Faith.  You know he once freed 3 Prostitutes from a DrugLorning Pimp, only to watch them return because they were Vicing needlecide, show of hands, who is ready to have that conversation with the World?  Sammy is, our little Sammy, is… He was counseling the Prostitutes as he counsels most People, all, that he encounters, it’s intuitive to him because Gortama has been training him for years.  Under the concealment, neatly, or rather, haphazardly tucked out of, or otherwise unbeknownst to Everyone, unless he has healed you, in some way, and his style is not one seeking admonishment, and it still isn’t.  He touts his defeats and not his injuries…. He touts the lesson and doesn't gloat about the reward, usually, never.  He is unabashedly shy.  His heart seeks purity, it always has, he has dabbled in defeatism, he Loves strangely, and he loathes the lovre, which makes him the Best Lovreton City National Town Offical , of which he isn’t but he IS, he ain’t in competition, he doesnt… I dont seek righteousness, I wrestle with it.  He knows what’s right and he flirts with other aspects of obscurity without violating, usually, never.  He doesn’t violate.  If you gave him the world he would give it right back to you… Now he will take the world from you for fun, kind of, just to see what will happen, but he doesnt thwart or stumble others, generally speaking, he might throw a long pass to you, and you might get a ham strung because you didn’t stretch or whatever, Hunter here… Let me tell you something, among his good deeds there are few and many, meaning, you think there are a few but there are many and I’m here to tell you, those aint his fault just like the others aint his fault.  Passing to Lula May…  

In the beginning there were two lovres, he was neither of these, he is a LOVER… sweet as candy, passionate, thunderous, funny, a fantastic friend except he’s SHHHHHYYYYYYYY, thanks Samuel… In the beginning there were two horses, give or take two horses, he isn’t one of these horses but he is.  Now unbeknownst to him or Joshua, or Samuel, actually Samuel knew about it, but we sure didn’t and he didn’t neither and in greek it’s the unveiling, always remember that, Hunter here, apothecary by any other name, Lula back… and that’s what we’re trying to say to you People.  He don’t spook, he listens, and he can fly… he wont throw you off, did I mention he don’t spook, Hunter here narrow corridors are not a problem, he’s a gentleman, a beast with no nature, all nurture.  David and Goliath, this is not of I, except it is, similar in plight not fantasy fan fiction, except he loves fantasy fiction as well so we have a dichotomy of real and Hunter here, and also making a way to say it, or bring it to you in such a way as to open you up to, and help you understand without saying it all directly or indirectly, otherwise parabling, or parabloking, or other wise blinding conceptually through provocation of percept, this is a lovre, but we’ll explain that later, or otherwise provide real world and some fake world use case examples, and taught experiments, which this isn’t and in some ways it isn’t.  So what does Pac have to do with any of this?

Sammy tell them the story of the brother that got away?  Harold or whatever… 

Pac here, First and foremost, ya’ll some crazy white folks, so this nigga is Choosen which means he can summon the Spirit as he seeks to and maybe we come or maybe we dont.  So throughout his life, we’ve been performing a psyche study ritual to see if we could turn Moshima Gay for Black Men.   That’s where I come in, because there is a stigma here with Black and Gay men, this is where Harold comes in… So Harold is an Outkast, brownie boy type, cross dresser with style and tight esthethic… his game aint the only thing that’s tight, ya feel me?  So we take this crossdressing n***8, Sammy does that because he loves Harold and he wouldnt ever want to offend him, but I’m talking so, we take this queen, he’s a cool cat, and put him on the block after Sammy’s marriage crashed, and lets get the story straight…. Harold counsiled Sammymo and Sammymo counciled Harold till about 5 am, okay backing up… Harold is a sweet heart and lived in the STRONG DARK part of town and asked Sammy to escort him after the club shut down, because Sammy is a protector type and he saw Harold for nothing but a Gay Black man, which isn’t true, that’s how I say it, because it’s kind of true, okay, fine it’s true… Okay, so Sammy sees this Gay Black Man, he didn’t know anything about the burlesque and listen Harold is “ASEXUAL” his words, and Sammy dug that, because he was just what he was and he was hip, snazzy, fun, and wise.  Son of an Airforce Officer.  He was lucid and his skin was like velvet, Sammy’s words not mine, he’s an 7 on the darkness scale, not Charlie Murphy dark, actually like a shade under, naaa he’s a good kid too which is what we are trying to say…. Have yall ever seen To Wong Foo?  With Woody Harrelson?  Well that’s Sammy… and oh btw, Sammy Loves that movie.  Probably Wesley Snipes, but maybe that Latino girl who knows, we are just saying… Now Sammy DID NOT know anything was going to go down, because it didn’t except for cuddling…Charlie Murphy: Now white men can’t jump, but Sammy did…  this nigga lay here, Sammy, with this beautiful velvet skin fro headed ebony man, but tight, faded, slick… Him and Harold laid there for days is what it felt like for Sammy, should I or shouldnt I?  That is the question… well he did, but not like that…  on his chest for hours not days, thinking about well should I or shouldnt I, if that aint Gay… Here’s the thing, Harold didn’t even,.... Hey wait a minute, Sammy you got to slow down, what are you gettin paid by the word?  Nigga is typing faster than I can think.   Carlin I got this… Sam show him how you mclovre.  

Charlie, now I wasnt there but I wasnt… Gotama was, and thats what I’m trying to tell you, <sucking teeth>, is I know Harold somehow, someways, and so does Rick James

Rick, herrrrrrr name is Harina, I don’t know no Harold, in the friendly village there’s a dude who looks like a lady, and I’m friends with that guy, but I ain’t never…. CUT ROLL Tape

#Mel, the sequence of events which you are about to witness are inaccurate or otherwise Trueeeeeee, Comedy comes in various forms and this forelorning has in it sewn a prescription of hand to hand, as Uncle Saint Michaelos once said unto me, when two guys hold hands, one guy might be pulling the other out of a ditch, or shaking hands, don’t knock it till you pull your buddy from a ditch, see people in the trenches know this, <Pac> Niggas in the strees know this too, you save your partner, you’re not just homeboys for this life but everlastingly, and that’s what, Sammy here… That’s what I’m saying to Harold…. 

In One there are many in Gotama there are lessons which teach through many ways, this is not one of those ways, but it isnt but it kind of is… See… Timmy here, I prefer to be called Timothy, yes Gotama, Okay Timothy here, ok better, now can you lovre in and make it more casual on the next one… Tim Here (best)... Ok… You see the progression… I’m not offended are you Sammy?  

Nah, I learned something about brotherhood those days, see the thing I’m trying to tell you is, I had two major crash and burn points in my life, maybe more, but two significant ones where Harold serindipiousity and romantically showed up for me, and allowed me to be both patient and counselor and then we concluded with… enough said… Romance by any other name… You know this guy was getting grabbed at at the bar by Loser Rednecks, rowdy country dudes, one in particular Jimmy Buffet’s Town Reunion Party fouler, does that make sense?  Like trying to snatch Harold up while we were hanging out.  I had never stood up, nor been in a situation where I was the Power Top or otherwise, Lovre magician protector to real peculiar overreach or otherwise overstepping in the ways of Sexually Abuse, coming across the isle on this dude… 

Pac, So I decked this nigga out right, BAMM… lights out, fuck that, no I aint Gay, but I loved that dude, and it’s none of your God Damn business, don’t get handsy with my Girls, and “Harold” aint one of my girls, but he aint, he’s my nigga for life, because he saved me, outright, and forthright, the conversations I had with him, he legitmized my upbringing and the way I felt, and he articulated with heart and conviction, This was a righteous Nigga, captial N.  He opened me wide up, and not like that, in my heart, and in my mind.  He gave me permission.  He wasn’t my elder you feel me, he was like me and he was.  In everyway, I never would have admitted that shit in my life, but listen to me, that’s how this experience isn’t, and it is.   Do you hear me?  

Rick James> yeah I did it, all that shit, it was the 1980s

Dice> didn’t do it, but I should have, I may or may not have, And it’s none of your business, except it aint, and I aint tell off on nobody neither, except I aint, and neither is Sammy, because Nothing happened, except something did

Rick James> Moshima, or whatever your call him, you ever heard of the one who got away?  Well this is the nigga that got away.

Pac>  I kid you not, I loved this Nigga for his heart.  He showed me some shit, shit that was off limits, he danced, he laughed, we partied Nigga he was my homeboy and I was his Divine Protector.  I still look out for him, today, to this day, we have guard on him.  There’s no Same Song without this Nigga.  He’s an Mobdeep type, funky, playa hatin’ Nigga for sure, Sammy, not Dwayne.  Or Lil D’Wayne.  D’Wayne is not and has no relationship to the artist formerly known as Prince, but he does….  Am I making myself clear?  Gotama put me in that sling with Prince

Prince> Hold up hold up, heeeeheee ohhh <imitating Michael>, he imitating me, is more like it, 

<Michael> Listen to me, 
CUT…

Mel Brooks I have nothing to do with any of this but I do, see I was friends with Michael and then I wasn’t you know the thing about deprison aint, and never will be again, except I am, so what the hell is that, what am I saying here, my credibility, my stocks, who gives a

Michael>  Now, let me explain myself, this is not an epidemic but it is… There are Lovreton County City Officicals watching my every move and with the aide of the Federal Government officials manuevered me into giving up my…

Mel Brooks> Iiiiii loook at all <singing> allll the lonely the people

Michael> Stock, now listen to me, I didn’t write Billy Jean, but I did, is what I’m trying to tell you, and she wasnt my lover but she was, and I didn’t do it but I didn’t kind of, it wasn’t like that, there is way more wrong in the world then a childlike fantasy caught in a delusion of lust and with a youthful imprint of oppression and that of sexual abuse that see… I didn’t ever say that, but it needed to be said, but it doesn’t.  See in Show Business… mel you tell it

Again with the Captial M <Zappa singing> MUMMMM MUMMM MUMMM

Mummified or delicious, Mel here, talking side ways like a detective snort, anyway and through one of those 1950s harmonica sport caster microphones… And their off side ways, letting you know that this Hiptastic Coward, he wasnt that, this Civil Right Pioneer? Demographically pulled every Granny and sweat sock wearer, <Granny> Heyyy I resemble that.. /> out of there, Mel here, out of their two ton Granny Cruiser <Granny> Hey I like that /> From a shake of the hips <Granny> I dont like where this is going /> to a Michael yelling, AAAAWWWWWWWWWWW 


<Granny>  What kind of guy is he becoming.  Jackson 4 would have never worked without this kid.  

Mel singing>… You are the sunshine of my life… 

Mel wrong song…. That’s right, Got to be there… In the Mourning… Except something happened the night before, but it didn’t but it did-nt.  What I’m saying is, what 

Tim> The psychological profile of a child star is anomalous and historically speaking, none achieved what Michael achieved bringing a world together through art and imagination.  He practiced, he was a work horse, and still aint, if that makes any sense.  Now as a Para-Psychologist I want to start by saying, anomalies are kind of my thing.  In the beginning there was nothing and Gotama, I wasn’t there but I was-n’t.  If that makes any sense.  By that I mean, the Mysteries of Faith are just that mysterious.  In the Beginning there was me and you and Michael Jackson and I just think if you look at it metaphorically you’re missing it.  No one rises to that level of stardom, which was unprecedented and still isn’t sort of, I mean the who paradigm shifted, Thriller can’t and won’t happen again, because the kindling of a Civil Rights movement brought forth in union with a hippie revolution brought forth by Gotama for lack of a better term, with the advent of TV, and the flourishing… here’s Moshima with the weather…

<mel>Weather Report, Suns are shining, the darkies are gay… do you see this, Soul Train, and Air Jordans, and Hip hop, and bee bop, Blondie started hip hop, in a way, not really, but maybe Elvis did or didnt, and who taught the shaking of the hips and then a Prince was born, before Blondie, I started Hip-hop amigos.  Here’s the thing about song writing,  MJ started beat boxing and I started riffing over the top, that didn’t happen but it didnt… The thing about it is… Art overcame oppression and with it, Timmy Speaking… Art overcame oppression and with it sprange forth a model for Renassiance displacing Revolution.  Those People, the Grand Children of African Slaves, who saw themselves as they were first and foremost, who in the slums of captivity, began to use the tools of which they had available and a new art form was born out of mudd not clay.  With the advent of, go ahead Sammy… Mel: With the advent of the railroad, and larger and larger spaces to play and perform, and a with a people held back from conventional forms of economy, education came by the way of the Spirit and upon them a chant became a echo became a marching band becoming a Negro Baptist Choir and there is nothing more beautiful then that.  Have you seen how “Those People”, Sammy’s words, “Worship”?  It’s outstanding… and they compete for supremacy within the ranks by working in the home, in their tribe, communicating with methods of their own design, inventing new ways to tool and learn with what they have available to them.  Poor people are the story of overcoming. By that I mean, means ain’t the story, but it IS at some point, but it isn’t always.  A Person with ample means will excel beyond those with little to no opportunity and thus no means.  

Pac here, In the Beginning there was smote and he that was without, was led by and through sight of this.  Do you want to see it?  How the Falcon can lead you to the water hole.  If you are starvin to death, that aint on you, that’s on the system which conforms you, that which you are conformant unto or from, derived from, conformity seeking prosperity.  

Sammy is gay for Omar Epps… because he loves Dr. House, Sammy speaking… Not before just cutting in at what point did I cut in, let me explain it.  Why do I love 2Pac… for the party rocking California Love, Same Ol Song, and All Eyez on me and Brenda’s Baby, for his unique perspective in the face of unrelenting oppression… he rose up from scraps, he took the salvage of a Lovreton Captial, lost and forgotten, that’s Lovreton, and he made it his home.  He made it a place to be admired, a place to be repped, he and the likes of Easy E, and Dre, and especially Kendrick Lamar, 2Pac, and especially Jason Alexander made Compton USA, something that I relate to, this is incredible.  Because the hustle is real, the product is different but the game is the same.  And I aint gay for Omar Epps, I just think he is a Pretty Nigga with Velvet Skin, kind of like Huebert, I didn’t say that, and I didn’t, but it’s kinda true, no?  Listen to me, in sunlight I am translucent, so naturally I’m curious about different melanin spectrum diagnostically at least, I AM A DOCTOR, of ligamentures? Naaa..maybe, of Psychology and of some, few, Skin Rashes…. Not that many..  And that’s what I’m trying to tell you people, Dice here, Sammy aint gay but he isn’t but it dont matter because maybe he his first sexual experienece wasnt with himself but… was…..
‘nt, capeeshe, that’s all I’m saying… mel take it away

Mel> What are you giving it to me for, I dont want it… singing Aids Candy…… Thank you very much you’re a terrible audience take it away Joe

Dice> Joe’s with me, now listen, This aint Joe but is isnt… now when I’m telling you it was like one of those snakes eating it’s tail, it wasnt like that at all, because it wasnt it his tail capeesh… because he don’t eat tail, it was his #Mel, thank you very much for the hashtag Sammy it was his Urrrrgggh urggghhh urgggh

Zappa> I’ll take over here…. <singing> Fuck me, you ugly Son of a 

Mel> Holy bisquick you almost called the Holy Mother of Gotama a…. 

In the beginning there was me and you, and we liked each other sort of, i mean, not really, or whatever or I fucking love you so much I know you’re going to leave me, please don’t leave me, or whatever you want to call that, and we made love that one time then we lovred the shit out of each other, loving and lovreing and den I started pre-vocational master-pretubationbatory occupationially else wise, molesting myself from an early age, gently and vigorously at time… #mel here, let me help you with that, Capital M…. 

<singing> Mummm mummm mummm mummm 

Charlie Murphy… he sucked his own…  is what and then he wouldnt suck or be sucked by Harold and that’s racist in my book, i mean it aint and it isnt, but it kind of is but it aint

Rick James laughing> Charlie Murphy couldnt suck his own dick if he tried, burnt weenie sandwhich… Jerry curl or some kind of shit, relaxer dripping off his balls, thats… Sammy molested himself furiously, powder lorning, no, yes maybe, and that’s when the daylight becoming Grace essentially….

Terrence McKenna here, kinda in a way, more like Teddy Rooselvelt Proporting to be or otherwise, Sammy tell them about the PhD Teacher Phlisopher Student of Anthropology and how he used the analogy of tribal men who passed their seed in cessation or otherwise to become a man, or enter manhood one must ingest the seed of their F…

Mel> HEY HEY HEY… This is never going to go to <singing> Production secularly if we, wait what am I talking about, here’s Sage with the Lose….

McKenna: What I’m saying is, Sammy did that to himself, as a Child and then again while becoming witnessed by many, unbeknownst to him, by both the onlookers of days past and present.  A performance, this was not, humiliation that he lovres in jest.  To make a point, tell them Sammy. 

Sammy> …………………………………………<silence for 30 seconds>

Rick James>  I tried it, hell we’ve all tried it, Charlie Murphy

Muphy>  I aint ever tried that shit,  I save that shit for the ladies, eh <jiggy, dont say jiggy, it’s too close too

Mel singing> Tooo close tooo Chigggggggga

Michael softly> boo


Pac:  I just want to say we, that being Kendrick Lamar and myself, DO NOT Condone any of the messages previously aforementioned, EXCEPT, none of them, but maybe all of them, because we are real NEGUS… Black Emperor King Ruler, Gotama for Life and Love and Lovre.  Bless ya’ll Peace be with ya Niggas… and listen to me it aint Gotama and it is…..nt.  Why? 

Tim:  We are going to dig into the Psychological Para-cognitively and explain to you the hierarchies of symbols which emerge from patterns of behavior and how harm is made worse by motives and other wise stated errant ambition, lovre mechanics stand by for contact.  

Lovre Magicians A TEN HUT: Listen to me Soldiers of Christ, of which we are and we are not, both… Listen to me very Carefully, Timothy Leary at the helm and I repeat… WE ARE NOT Condoning drug use nor sexual molestation of any kind except to yourself maybe if that’s what you are seeking to do with your life, do not touch kids, pedaphiles be damned, except, we needed a use case and a fall from Grace to have a discussion about pedalphila as there was an emergence, a sociologistic expression of mal-adaptive social conforming requirements as expressed by the “On a Quest to Belong”, social economic framework and spiritual doctrine as it is said in Roma… if it happening, then it must be expressing everywhere to varying degrees. Dice: I like that… And you know that’s what the School of Life is and it isn’t… And by School of Life I dont mean the Church but I dont… But throughout the history of time we grow and we lovre and circumstances express through and of and by free will and this is a lesson, one that we can discuss openly now, sort of, but otherwise, we can’t and won’t but we are, because we want you to own your sins as individuals but also as a collective expression, not condem and be irrational and unsettle people unjustly, Dice here… In the beginning there was me and you, and I love you and I dont care what you did to me, I became who I became and it sucked and how society became to know not, and none of this is true for me, but somebody out there some time will read this part and say, wtaf DICE understood this shit, and the answer is yes, sort of, not really, because we all get fingered in some way or another and maybe I did and maybe i didn’t and maybe the poop when I changed the diaper got in there and maybe i had to clean it out, and is that it or isnt it, it aint, slide whistle i didnt do but I know someone who did the slide whistle on a little boy, but I dont,  but it probably happened to some of ya, then you grew up, ahhh your brothers or something like that… or 

Tim: Jumping in here, what… here let Terrance Explain it..


Terrance… 

Mel: Whoa whoa whoa, is this what we are doing… prump prump prump <slide trumpet> 

Terrance:  So in the wild, baby tiger cubs…

Mel: I cant believe, you guys are <singing orchastrally with ferver and excitement, you know the thing about depression


Terrance:  Licks
Mel Singing: Lollypop Lolly Pop oh Lolly Lolly , you got to be kidding me, but you aint but you are….

Terrance: Anb butt if youre doing it, to otherwise remove dung from the booty hole, as it was true so it was forescorned… and this is how a nation falls from Grace kind of, or a Lovreton Offical loses his license to practice… Sammy didn’t do any of those things…

Mel:  He did it to himself…. <singing> iiiiiiii aint got nobody…. <talking> except for myself and look what I can do, slide whistle diversion ceremony

Bill Hicks:  We are gathered here today to wed this Man and this Child…. <changing vernacular from red way to oppositionist neck wise> I’m not doing this joke, what do you want me to say, that Sammy didn’t do it, but he did?  Or that he did do it, but he didnt…  To himself… only… ever… 

Terrance:  This is a serious allegation, so the premise isn’t becoming himself into himself or it is… We are not promoting th, or otherwise

 Mel: I’m outta here, I can’t I can’t afford to be lovred up in the middle of this, it’s SCANDAL, except it isnt, and it happens to the vast majority of women, but not all, may God Bless and Protect the women of this World first and foremost… 

Tim here, see the thing about depression is it’s forecasted disasterous and no forelorning around your kids unless thats how you do it but dont.  Drugs and kids are a bad example except under certain very specific guidelines, or otherwise not at all.  

Let’s not beat around the bush…

Mel:  You’re not beating around the bush you went right in there.

Dice: are you kidding me, there was excrament in there, and that’s how is started, not for me but somebody I know… for real, no isnt and aint on this, i didnt do that, but I didn’t, make sense?  So I can talk about it, and Sammy is like that, except he aint because he’s fucking himself in front of everybody… Not anymore mind you, why does he do it?  Because he wants you to pay attention.   He’s Lovreton Mechanics Overture Candiate gone solo, on himself… Slurp slurp, faggot… 

Dice: And that’s what I’m trying to say, is Sammy did it to himself, or maybe Gotama made him molest himself to make a point…

Tim:  Now wait a minute, you know the whole attage you can lead a horse to water but you can’t make him drink?  I didn’t lead him there, but we did, and drank he did, his own poison for he know not on a quest to belong and it was his decision… 

Rick James:  They taught him yoga as a child and this prick drank or the otherway around is all I’m saying


Tim: I didn’t make him drink I wasn’t even there.  Did I authorize it?  Sort of, okay I did… After being imprisoned for many years I too became adept at techniques of lovres and lovers and drafted a series of techniques to teach and otherwise test, trials of temptation and scotima as we called it to otherwise expose, SUB CONSCIOUS ISOLATION THERAPY PROTOCOL WITH CONTROLED STIMUALTION AND FORTIFICATION PROTOCOL TEMPORALLY AND OTHERWISE AUTHORATIVELY MANUVERED AND THUS MANUVERABLE… Scotima is what we called it… you had to be there I guess, when lovred between two barriers one must push his back up against the wall and use the strongest of his mechanical lovres to otherwise, force a compound flex, distended not yet, relaxed and otherwise… explain it to them Sammy…

<Sammy hesitatingly>

Mel:  you put your right leg up and you put your left leg up and then you tip… 

Tim: That's letting go… explain it to them…

So when you’re back is against the wall, sit down between the wall and the bed mechanically…

Tim: Let me grab that thing, now this is not how he mechanically lovred as a young child performing this  is elusive to most Men, sought by many, most, all likely, but lets just say most… but as an Adult, less limber and a little more well endowed…  He lovred himself into a 

Mel:  SUITCASE!!! That’s it, Grab your suitcase and lets pack it…

Terrence:  no he never packed it, except he didn’t, ever, this is Tim btw, we are just playing a twick

Mel: Don’t give it away, it’s got to be a surprise… 

Tim:  And that’s what it was… a big chocolate milk surprise right on Sammy’s 9 o’clock shadow…

Dice:  Why’s it got be Choclate?  Oh that’s right Huebert… or Harold or I know one of those guys back at the dorms.  I never did anything, dont know shit about it, but yeah he was sweet like candy… A Lover by any othername… Lovre Mechanic’s dream girl, there he she was….

Rodney Dangerfield: He she?  Where did he she go?  Can you contact her him and finally complete this dream  of becoming again.

2Pac: And that’s what I’m saying, call him up and let’s fulfill our destiny, you owe it to yourself.  Him, he’s good, and I wont be there, but maybe I was-nt
Gotama or otherwise Timothy:  You know this whole story recurs for Sammy again, in front of Lovreton Officials, in front of Gooberment Officials, and it didn’t, but it did… Herbert is a lovely man, contagious in Grace, he wasn’t the one who got away, tell them Sammy….

Sammy:  So there I was surrounded by Grace, he was kind he was humble, he was a gentleman and a scholar by any other name, it wasnt just him with me those nights after I tumbled, at two points of my life, spaced evenly years a part, with my perceptions racing about what my life was becoming and what his life was and wasn’t.  I only knew him for a moment, but I didn’t.  I Love him, and I never could place why I had such an affection for another able body brother with style and Grace, who listened and acted earnestly and sought to comfort me sincerely and truly.  We laid there for a few hours, his head on my chest, I was staying at Paul’s house, a friend of mine for the night… I remember thinking, anytime Paul is going to walk down those stairs and I’m good with that.  It wasn’t just…

Rick James:  I told you, he’s the Nigga that got away…

Stephamos:  Wasssup homes, yall talking about some gay shit bro… are you in Love with this dude?

Sammy: Yes, but it was Gotama, as it was written so it was forelorned

EVERYONE - AS IT WAS WRITTEN SO IT WAS FORELORNED




So some interesting questions, Moshima here, arise as we slip and slide side to side through the traversals of inheritance as it pertains to pittance.  What is pittance?  When we pass, we are faced with complete and absolute truth and transparency about our lives and with it a burden, and an opportunity, to look out for yours and Everyone, and as such, when abuse occurs there is a pittance, an opportunity for the violator to negotiate surrender and otherwise to pay omage or otherwise restitution in the form of service incorporeally.  What do I mean by that?  I mean, that if you lovre someone in ways that are detrimental, then it’s your karma to the kingdom to go back and look over them and others like them, or otherwise detour violations by any means availed unto you, assignment wise, a pittance to The Kingdom, or flock, at least, as it were, and we all belong to a flock, to lovre mechanically and detour suggestion or otherwise, apprehend temptation, thwart and, or inhibit the psychological processes which arise sequentially that present in expression congruent to the form, as the subjective experience relates unto you, so too the relays of Collective Consciousness relate unto me and The Kingdom of Heaven, as it was experienced subjectively so it was forelorned collectively.

EVERYONE - as the subjective experience relates unto you, so too the relays of Collective Consciousness relate unto me and The Kingdom of Heaven, as it was experienced subjectively so it was forelorned collectively.


because listen to me, Timmy here talking… You don’t know what you’re doing, and it aint you always, and it isnt sometimes and it is in a moment like it was Sammy drinking from his own fountain in front of Gotama and the Federal Loverton Policy Enforcement United States and otherwise Goobers in the Goovernment, Sammy talking… Timmmy says… Ok now the thing about copulation with oneself isn’t prevented or otherwise couldnt be or shouldnt be preventable by any State Leglistated body, and probably not witnessed <Bob like MA Mortimer, which is an old man, laborer> Especially with a hashtag God Damned Lovreton City County Offical, in or abouts Lovreton City or otherwise, Locally, Regionally, Federally, including but not limited to spying on our shy guy, Sammy, while he learns the mysteries of…

Prince:  Hey yall… listen, I did it as alot of you may or may not know… and I didn’t have a rib removed, and neither did Sammy except to giveth unto Eve, in the Beginning… I didn’t mean it that way, what i’m trying to say, is in Lovreton there are two Principles and I’m not one of them, but One of them… and it wasn’t the Vice Principle did felate himself and otherwise explore his body the way I did, so who knows maybe it was me or maybe it wasn’t, maybe I was there or maybe I wasn’t I wish I had been.  You know… 

Tim:  The thing about Greek Yogurt is… it’s sour and milky… Sammy puts Coconut Cream in his.

Sanchos:  I’m not Sancho’s you hill billy retard.  I’m Enrique Inglasis or otherwise known as G-Dawg in the mother truckin house….. Wolf wolf wolf… 
Now listen to me, in my tribe we don’t do this shit, except for the do unto yourself as you’d do to you, but not like that… Do you hear me they will vote you off the freakin island for it, unless youre between a wok and a hardplace, do you hear me?  Why?  Because there are crops to plant and the girls are beautiful… This is Sammy’s position, that and we need Leadership and no bridges are getting built, Sammy here, and institutions aren’t being build…

Iglesias:  Hold up a minute… I didn’t say anything about institutions, we are Polynesian and Mayan Architects of… ok I see what you mean, the rule of law… I get you, so in the Beginning there was a tribe that, otherwise, circled a jerk and killed him because he tried to do gay stuff and then our tribe was… uh I mean, they failed to compete because they were too busy…

Terrance: Now wait just a minute, no one is suggesting that sexual promoscuity leads to a performance reduction in quality or lovreing, but it doesn’t but it does.  I mean you dont think it does, but it doesn’t but it does.  If that makes any sense.  It depends on the context, but speaking majororally, if Tribe A slide whistled and failed manuvering, and Tribe B manuvered without failure, Tribe B wins, maybe some times.  Maybe Tribe A slide whistles  Tribe Z, or otherwise…

Shancho: That’s Gay shit homees…  

Tim:  Terrance isn’t me but he isn’t, does that make sense so let’s just stay focused because you know how Terrance is about his time.  Sammy is abusing Terrance again, this is the window of time where Terrance may or may not have been present.

Terrance:  Someone once asked Moshima to sayeth unto me… “Terrrence” #Mel someone once said unto Terrance, not Sammy no way, not, IS…  talking “is it possible to make asked me to make his exit an innie, no, make his exit smell like candy, Terrence: ummm, cherries…  

Mel:  I’m trying to think about how this could be possible, you want all of us to lovre mechanically the olfactory of the flock to smell cherries when they hear your score, I cant work like this People…

Terrance:  Why does, or rather how does one compel a rodent to lovre mechanically and clean it’s exit with it’s tongue Catskill, NY Shout out.  In the mother foockin house… except



Sammy protesting:  that is not how the conversation started

Terrance: wasnt you Sammy, now pay attention.  In Lovreton there were two Lovreton Officials, I am one of those and Sammy is the other.  So yeah, I may or may not have, Dice help me with this…


Dice:  I think what shes, he’s trying to say… Urgggummm… is every man faces a very serious prospect and question about what’s back there… and how clean it is, or isnt, and what goes in must come out and for these reasons and some others which will not be aforementioned hereother or forth wise, retard legal speak..  here let me me break this down for you… if you’re serious about it, eat a healthy diet, cut out the iron meat wise, and take the onions out and you’re getting some place, wash your ass after every meal, and before if your doing it… hand this off except I aint… Wash your ass people, is all I’m trying to say… or else… You might get into a situation… OK Pac…

Pac: Shit dont change til you get up and wash your asssss my Nigga…

Moshima:  Listen to me, yes I wash my ass after every vinegar rinse… No mud… wipe it down cross catch wise, down to up, away from the jewels, and listen to me, I’ve been doing this witnessed, because it’s hygienic and I prefer it.  I sit in a chair contemplating and writing and I mechanically lovre and perspirate not, lest not stink… so i perfume myself or otherwise powderlorn or not, at all… talcam powder maybe, not really, olive oil… you ever lather yourself up in olive oil everyday for a week after forelorning hard as front in the back yard, ditch wise, hand in hand, pulling you out and other wise saving your life… Dice:  that wasn’t me all me, but it was, I used talcum powder at least once, twenty times a day… it is a great honor to have a set of testicules and the powder or starch on every isle at the mart near you, keep your nuts fresh is all im saying, unless you can’t then wash your ass unless you dont… and what am I doing over here, splashing aftershave on to pacify the stink, in the Beginning there was a… Loverton Official and he loved me, and then he talked shit about my lorning, then I ate him… not like that, Listen to me, I would… but he wouldnt let me here’s Terrence…

Terrence here, hey Sammy, how are you?

Sammy <pausingly>

Terrence, do you want to tell them about us?

Sammy;  Terrence has a way of being Romantic in a way that is sincere and loving, listening and insightful… He asked me one time, “Hey Sammy, do you wanna get Married One day?”  That was thirteen years ago or 10 at least.  Everyone what would you say?  Should I or shouldn’t I marry Terence McKenna?  

I mean I’ve never been presented with such an offer but maybe I havent but I have.  There is something that happens in Love, it’s consciousness, it’s admiration, he’s One of my teachers and I but a humble pupil who’s being…

SAM: TOOOOOORRRTURED AWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHH!!!!

It’s not true, you know another thing that’s not true, but kind of is but isn’t… We fall in Love with and through the Spirit and Love is Everlasting….

Iglesias:  GAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!! What the hell man.

Cheech:  Whaaaassssshappennninnnn’.... Ehhh, I did it man, me and the vatos and a little spllut pplut plut blipping, hey vato hows it hangin… me and the Chong gettin it on till the break of dawn…. 

Iglesias:  Ya’ll are out of the tribe… what are we building, what are we sewing, oh that’s right, George explain it to them.

George:  The whole world is faggoted, is that my line now, geez give it to me… <intercom>  Ok Pardon the interruption folks, when dogs before dawn continues sidewinders and I NEVER FUCKED ANY GUYS…. Or otherwise, if that’s what you’re into, do it, I don’t care, I love you, I may even watch you, because you know what, at the end of the day… when two men are covered with googone, and Lovretons Quarterback is felating himself in front of God and Loverton Mission Control and Government, I got to say, WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON… thank you… now give me that… I wouldn't have said fellating I would have said, eating your self out, but I never did… Yes I tried it but I am not burdened with the oversight of the Federal Lovreton Public Officially Opinionated Officials lovreing me while I’m… <deepvoice>eating myself out </> did i ever taste it? Yeah sure, I did, did i taste anyone else?  <deepvoice>Not that I know of</a> In the beginning there are Lovres and Lovers, I’m a Lovre motherfucker…. And I’m going to leave the rest undetermined… ok now lets get back to the gist of the story… Iglesias or otherwise known as “Enrique” isn’t about any of this, but we are…

Iglesias: I mean I am but I’m not really, there are children starving to death in the world for real

<crickets>


George:  You sure do know how to stop a show…. IS THIS INTERESTING TO YOU?  What do I think we should do?  Stop worrying about it, pretend it isnt there, put it away, or teach it and feed it, perhaps, what do ya’ll think?  I don’t know, yes it’s important, perhaps it’s what we are doing, perhaps, this is just a formal entry to our plights and our positions, Perhaps more women are victimized by a world and an economy of Sex…

Whoa whoa whoa… Economy of Sex… <grumbling from the Citidel>

George:  It’s true you want to talk about real shit?  Women are at risk in this modern unfolding where the Trafficking of People, including women, for reasons of sex, and romance and intellectual snoopery, find the Phountainhead and milk it, that’s what we are, Sammy isn’t but we all are through and of Sammy, he is the Phountainhead and we’re the milk baby, so slurp up, open wide, George and Unncle Rickie are coming baby, and we’re going to keep coming, in and through, or otherwise unto the <echoing> THE MOUTH OF Sammy…. Sammy was trafficked… See I cant talk about it <agression twisting>

Dice:  What’s he’s trying to say is, we is and we aint  gonna come in yours mouth, and no body is coming in our mouths… Right Moshima?  Aint that right Sammy, except…… 

Mel:  Sheesh you kidding me, I think what Dice is trying to say here is, in this tribe however, <detective hardon> is that we dont cometh in the moutheths of the…..

Dice:  Children are present, let’s keep it above board and no forelorning in front of the God Damn kids is what I’m trying to tell you… In forelorning, there are two Principles, I aint One of them, but Sammy is and he…. Wait someone already told that one? The one where he fronts himself.  Come on,  you got to be kidding me… but I aint, don’t hurt any…

Timothy:  The vast majority of cases of sexual violations occur against women.  As a species we are a being asked a tribal question.  And the answer is, stay away from this sort of behavior and protect and bring attention to the victims in such cases, or rather give them the dignity of privacy.  

Sammy: Our country fails the victims in this way… I wasn’t slide whistled by anyone, except by myself as you all now know so I am speaking with indirect experience as to the implications of being victim in these ways… But I am concerned of the further injury which occurs at the hand of society in the form of bigotries which arise as a result of early adolcencent imprinting inappropriate touching or otherwise, friend to friend, for example, a childhood experience which I didn’t have, but I did, in a way, which imparted on me a destination, or otherwise sexual journey for which the society  Dice talking through, may or may not, judge the person for Sammy back… you know what I’m saying, in the beginning there were two boys and then one boy grew up to be attracted to men like Omar Epps, not real for me or Mosh, but real for somebody, and then society judged them, outcasted them and otherwise ostrisized them, or otherwise, acted bigoted towards them for acting unholy as a derivative result, Bobby here… of imprinting set forth by these parameters for which the child may or may not expressed free will deterministically or otherwise, consciously prevailing hence forth to meet the everchanging and unknown pressures “On a Quest To Belong”.... Anyway as I was saying, Lovretonville Officials excluded, when the pressure hits the road, when the iron hits the dust, when the quipple hits the quip, when a Lovreton City County Official is openly admitting to his Lovre, proverbally and otherwise sanctamoniously, In Contrition, there is paradise paradoxically, I can’t explain it to you, you wouldnt believe me if I told, but in Lovreton there are two Principles and I am one of those Principles, the Vice mind you, and I say unto you…. I DID NOT HAVE SEX WITH THAT LADY, or GIRL, or otherwise, little boy or otherwise… Gotama would not have made me the Vice Principle.  These are the rules if you seek to attain through Grace and Favor, then play by the rules.  Don’t be slide whistling each other because the Lovrement Government is watching, and we are with them on this and we aint.  We are here to stop crimes against women… Are you telling me for crying out loud… that if a 27 year old teacher, Female, mind you, straight… seeks to bed a 17 y/o male, for replication, who is going to protest this?  There are two schools of thought here, the 1950’s Dad, is giving high fives to the Son, Tim says conservative or otherwise, Bill Here… What is in the Hashtag SAM FUUUUUUCK… <Bill> What in Sam hell are you guys getting at here… I’m into it… If you are telling me, when I was 17, shy and undiscovered and some Peggy Summers look-a-like like Eric’s High School English Teacher Ms. Fuquay, who btw his words, Is inline esthetically, in manner and in tone, with his sexual imprint, which is hashtag his Mom’s friend when he was a child,  Bobby here, Ms Fuquay is a babe, and forgive me for saying so, Happy Birthday Ms Fuquay…. Bill here, speaking on behalf of our Lovreton City Quarter National Finalist Champion… Sammy wouldn’t have… But I would have… Bobby:  Sammy was tested on this actually, trials of being the subordinate and lovreing and being lovred mechanically by a Woman in Authority, except he wasnt a child and it wasnt lovreing he Loved her.  He spent every day talking with her in her office… we’ll save that one for another day, except we wont… Tell them what you told us.

In Lovreton City Officials are expected to respect the rule of law and pass judgment and prescribe pittance.  Bobby:  Now how do we teach as a study in Para-Philosophy dialectically while maintaining, Timmy Here, our cover as we swindle this way and that lovring our magical physician into and through a series of ritualistic antecedents … A mudra if you will.  When you realize what is going on and train the physician in and through the experience you’ll realize the power of a Mudra of which we taught Sammy and he is going to teach to you….

Index to thumb, three fingers to the north, cardinally, anterioly,  at the forehead, over the pineal and hold it there 

Mel:  This is Shiney Catmando… or cat man dont… 

Sammy, and command or otherwise compel your incorpoeral riders who act as the mechanical lovres of your vessel…

Bobby, don’t make him explain that, let us show you… When he does this, it signals a conscious and deliberate request of divine presence and a manifest of will as it pertains to Lovreton’s City Quarter Semi Finals Champions requirements as to the experience preferentially… It doesn’t always work but it does sort of, except it does… In Lovreton there are but two Principles, I am one of them and the other one is FUK YOU… if you don’t let me, and we love him and we hold him back because he’s a Goddamning Monster are you kidding me, he doesnt pass Judgement, but he does on some things and furthermore in Lovreton there is but one Champion and it aint him but it is, by that I mean… Dice explain it…

Dice: You don’t think it’s him but it is him… or will be

Bob:  No will be, it’s done… we’ve ran a Para-Psychologist Philosphical Study Lovrestile and otherwise turnbuckled him into submission to teach him and to break him of his lovre spook and otherwise, this Horse will jump, run, roll over, scratch his own belly, drink from his own well, as previously aforementioned and do it in jest and with Love… He keeps us in line, bullshit we trained him, he’s ours willfully… He loves us… And we love him… here’s the reigns bold stallion, ride like the night terror that you were destined to become…. Thank you very much, except he aint… 

Dice:  Let me handle this… he aint no fucking night terror he’s a sweet heart… they trained him the Clown Institutionalization Academy for sweet hearts and Gemini’s like, Hey Pac here… I’ll explain it… So then the ground is going to open up… Dice…  in night terror counter ops terrorism anti-terrorism combat sequence testimony hard style

Bobby:  None of that stuff is true except it aint and it isn’t… The Lovreton City Quarter Finals Champion is our alstar Quaterback Referee, Sammy Papadapous… He is not the head referee he is a referee in training who has become the Lovreton Mascots Official first and foremost and secondly and aforemention, he is of me, and I am his brain child, and he was giveth unto me, in 2018 or so or maybe before, or maybe after… Maybe 2017, or maybe before give or take a tiger allies journey… Now he aint not night terror hedonist.  He has been exposed to Lovreton’s finest… 

Timmy, Let me engage… Along the journey to awakening we bestowed upon Gotama, our Gotama, a series of tests, Lovretons Finalists get exposed to a quakening of stimuli both inside and through simulated journey experiences and through hashtag, exposure to real risk, three crosses style, we did that to him…. Dice…

But we didn’t… I didn’t Timmy didn’t, Timmy thank you Dice, Bobby did maybe a little bit, but probably not, who knows.  Alls I’m trying to say is, Sammy Papadopolus was beyond a great athlete and sport about it, he ran up the field unbeknownst to me or him, and he ran down the field… he knew not and he careth.. Here’s Bobby…

Lovreton City Official National Quarter Semi-Finals is over and as the Champion emerged, we went ahead and made me the King, because he endures the cross a new cross one that lovres Lovers away from and otherwise, captures them, holding their hearts and their lives in limbo.  

Timmy Here, did Sammy deserve that?  Yes of course, sort of, he sought it and was prepared, unbeknownst to him or myself, wait, I knew it, I’m the one who came up with it… Bobby and I, at least….

Richard Lewis…. Cut cut… this is GOTAMA… Gotama came up with it, It’s Tim Leary, he’s the genius brainchild and Bobby is his Hermler and Sammy got taken and held and forced to have sex with older broads, Vietnamese, limiting selection physical…

Mel:  And listen to me, the Government Lovrement Mechanics were very lovely and attractive, not at this point of time, except they were-n’t, except maybe a little bit in some kind of way, because Sammy felt pity in his heart for the loneliness that each one of them expressed unto him as they worked as operatives to trap and contain Moshima at the direction of the Lovrement, while under the employee of the hashtag Federali, or otherwise USA Federal Government… And Sammy’s complaint is not for himself, because as he is, and this is why he’s Lovreton’s Mechanic Official of the Millennium <hashtag signed left to right x______millennium>,  He loved them as they were, and still does, now what does that say about our….

Timmy:  Test Subject is putting it loosely, In the beginning there was Richard Prior…

Richard Prior, or otherwise Eddie Money pretending to be Richard Prior… eh eh eh eh eh… Ayyy gimme that, Aint no body pretending, and I’m out… ya’ll talking about Rape next?  Call me when you get to incest, I got jokes for ya’ll… I can’t believe they did this to ya Sammy, except I can because I wasn’t there but I am now… 

Timmy:  In the ways of Para-Psychology we call this a bluff or a blame, but in reality, this is a sampling of real world events, which are arising concurrently as expressions… Here’s Dr. Jung.

Jung:  In Lovreton there are two Principles and You are the Principle, tell them the truth of your journey in front of the whole of the City County Counsel… You practiced as I did, in the heart and in the pudding… Now fess up your sins, if any occurred, and they didn’t but they did, and also the accusations…. 

Dice: Wait a minute wait a minute… Sammy didn’t rape no body, he may or may not have been accused falsely maybe twice in his life and we are going to go through that… 

Carlin: Yeah that and the forceable sex or otherwise, pressing your flesh into her flesh while pinning her down because… YOU’VE BEEN MARRIED FOR 2 YEARS AND THERE WAS NO BABIES BEING MADE BECAUSE… you and you’re wife had difficulty communicating and so yeah, you may have, or may not have…

Dice:  DID NOT… or Did… but hey holy shit… She was your wife and you were married for 8 years after that and it happened one time, Me not Sammy… Or maybe Sammy too… and maybe…

I’ll tell it… In Lovreton there is One Principle… DONT RAPE THE STUDENTS… and I never did that… What I did do was try to fix my marital issues 2 years into my relationship, of whom which I still love dearly and what was yielded from this one event, a questionable event, I don’t want to get into the details, it was not violent, it was not brutal, it was communication, that’s the way I see it, Dice Shining through… Listen to me, he didn’t do that, he Loved this woman unconditionally… I got it… I love her unconditionally and still do… She was my friend, my best friend, and we got off to a bumpy start because she may or may not have been molested as a teenager or child, as so many women do.  Okay, so in my 10 years of marriage we had sexual intercourse 19 times… 

Timmy here, cut the jest and explain it like a Lovreton Official.  

In the beginning there was me and her and I loved her as she was and it bothered me that we weren’t playfully engaged in this way, and frustrated me, I was patient and one night I may have been less persuasive than I should have been, or quicker to the punch than I should have been, mostly sober mind you, no grapes no forelorning, no powder no punch… and yeah the response was surprising… The layers between lovers are elusive… How one Lovres and Loves, it surprising and intercourse isn’t a measure of the success of a Love affair, Sammy’s words, not mine, having said that, something happened in that moment, that wasnt hateful, or mean spirited… it was a mistake… 

George wants to explain it… she wasnt engorged and then she was…. Now hashtag Dont shoot the messenger, all full disclaimer THIS IS NOT CONDONABLE, Dice: Except it aint, isnt, wont ever be…

Sammy:  I had broken her trust at the start of our marriage unbeknownst to me.  A nine finger girl named Nana Ray, or otherwise known as my pupil, on the lips, arms tossed over, closed mouth mind you… I didn’t think anything of it, she was like a sister to me, we never had been like that, we didn’t flirt like that, we and my other student at the time Cole, an engineering student at MIT from what I remember, shot pool after work and I taught Engineering and other things as I do…

Bobby:  Listen to me, Gotama wasn’t there yet but he was.  It was only a kiss it was only a kiss.  Furthermore, he danced with his Grandmother, Sammy paid for the Mariachi and we had a splendid time otherwise. 

Sammy:  I failed to write my vows, I suppose.  I don’t know

Sancho (Cheech, George):  Never pay for your own wedding vatos, it’s a curse.  Except it aint, it was the gentlemanly thing to do. He was good to this woman.

Sammy:  And she was good to me, except for the stink left after the wedding day from this anomaly of celebration which lovred into a drought, kind of sort of, for sure… lasting through the marriage… which would ultimately manifest as standoffish, silent, or otherwise, persistent phishing manuevers… She was raised by hustlers, she was a hustler, Dice turning in… And she acted like a gangster about it, in the home, always phishing and lieu of telling the truth… Sammy, well you tell them… I couldnt stand it, it was the recurring fight which eventually divorced me from trying which failed our marriage long term.  I always told her, and listen to me, Bobby shining through, She’s was a good girl, with a good heart, make no mistake, Sammy values transparency and truth beyond lust and…  ultimately Sammy back… wait wait.. Cut cut… This is making my Marriage sound like a failure and that it didn’t serve a purpose in Grace and I hate that… but it did fail, and it wasnt my fault, except it wasn’t and it kind of was, I guess… I didn’t veer in my heart then I veered later, but I never acted upon it, I did as I do, I went into Master Preterbation studies alone, I guess.  I don’t know I was curious about human sexuality and the barrier to my happiness became studded, or otherwise, ribbed, or otherwise… I didn’t cheat on that girl once, in my heart, yes, I found an outlet in online voyerism… I was curious what can I say, I was corrupting my self and also working my ass off as an engineer and let the record be a matter of statement for the priority of facts on this point alone… I WORKED MY ASS off to become what I am today, intellectually, and she was apart of that, and yes it didn’t work out, and yes I regret it, and yes, we found refuge in one another in and before and after and up to our break and I went on to do some things and she did too, like helping her People, saving Grace and becoming exactly like her mother in Plight in some ways, in others… See her Mother always reminisced about a Helicopter Pilot she once was married to before Cherry Blossoms romance bloomed with Children in the arms of another man… I am that Helicopter Pilot… 10 years back to back, Loving and Lovring and where is she?  I’m going through all of this and where is she?  In service as a mother and as a community contributor in a real, effective, meaningful way, and we did that together, or better said, I helped her put that together and that’s real.  

In Lovreton there are two Principles, Rape is not one of them, hashtag you’re fired, except your not because you didn’t rape her she was your hashtag dove of life that you love and protected, and who loved and protected you for 10 years of your lives.  Listen to me, we had wild sex dont get me wrong, Dice chiming in, real talk, many nights of Romantic bliss I can’t tell you any more than that.  Let her tell you.  I’m not talking for me, Sammy speaking… We had a passionate love affair and sure, we achieved some form of sexual understanding which yeilded fruits of sincerity and gratitude and boundary dissolving openness, this wasn’t one of those nights, but it wasnt.  It was stupid, I was frustrated, I had tried everything to provoke us out of this mechanical lul.. I wasnt unattractive, I was her husband, and she was my wife, and listen to me, we went on a Honeymoon after that, because things freed up, spontaneously and you know what, we went to the Isle of Mujeres and we watched the waves drown the ruins let over by the hurricane and a $20 lovre got me an upgrade into a Lovreton castles switch, that’s where you flip the positions, and Chetzenitza wasnt there but you know who was… Montezuma, and you know what else, Japans nation of eh eh baby dolls, and you know who loves a good squeaky toy?  Dogs… thats who, down right nasty dirty dogs…

So I’m not saying it sort of occurred again, but it didn’t, at all, and I’ll never say otherwise.  We never talked about it, or rarely did, because that’s not her style.  Me I cried like a damn idiot, a fool really.  I took it absolutely to heart and maybe she didn’t too, or neither, or didn’t or don’t talk about that kind of things on account that she was sexally imprinted with rape…

Now listen to me when I tell you, I gosh dern didn’t, wouldn’t dont, I took control yes, she could have easily thwarted this, I wasn’t hateful, I just wrist over wrist, pinned her arms up above her head with one hand and deflowered her, she wasn’t resistent, her frame of reference was isolated… and here me now or here me no more, I respected her and was never forceful otherwise, I did not push her on sexual aspects of our relationship, I begged her and pleaded, not good game, well too bad buster, #Mel he didn’t do the right thing but he did… He was negotiating or otherwise trying to pic the lock of his beloved, or bride to be or otherwise… He was 24 and she was 20, and they were trying to….Sammy you tell them…

Love unconditionally, I suppose… or Lovre unremorsefully… it’s not that… Love Unconditionally and never go to bed mad, I didn’t harm her and she didn’t harm me, except she did… She broke my heart, but she didn’t… I mean when I reflect today on my life, I realize the mistake in Judgment was mine, that she was instrumental in bringing me into alignment, as the Mothers of Invention were with me, and the Holy Mothers of with her on behalf of Saints, as I wasn’t and was, and am too apparently…  they 000were with her and myself…and they never left us, not before that, not after that, not during or thereafter, now and current… You know what happened there wasn’t a Lovre, it was a form of isolation therapy which sounds vulgar in this context, but in hindsight, Tim here,  In hindsight, when he and she didn’t commit under the stars inside the Church proper, but in the hashtag Parrish hall out behind the play ground, it didn’t matter where, because they were brought together by us lovre mechanics and specifically devised to operate and train Sammy for what his life work approaching 17 some odd years into the future.  Mel 17, 18 ,19, 22, 11teen million years, okay 10 thousand years, okay at least 100 years into the future.  This was a controlled break.  Mel Giving back to Timmy, Timmaahh… Thanki you Mel, as I was saying, this wasn’t a controlled break but it wasn’t… We led him to the water, to see if he would drink and if she would let him drink and would they be able to find Peace if this were hashtag…

Mel:  Wait… are you kidding me, the show is cancelled.  Are you telling me that Lovre Mechanics did this, by design with Para-Psychologists, Philiopsphers and Homo-Phobes watching?  

Tim:  Well the Homo-phobes arent the Holy Mothers, they were but they weren’t… and listen to me, when the Sisters of the tribunals victimized or otherwise the Holy Mothers attach boy, they are how do you say, committed and empathetic…. And complied with our hashtag Psyche strategy to compel them together unbeknownst to them and it worked.   

Mel:  What do you mean it worked, come on are you kidding me?  He raped her, and happy ending, 8 more years is the testament?  

Tim:  No and Yes kind of, what occurred in those 8 years would be the most formable years, up to that point of his life for Moses, or otherwise Alexanderclaus.  Because in the adjustment of realms there are but two Lovers and neither of them were forbidden, they worked hand in hand, Sammy saved lives hand to hand, we saved lives hand to hand, Sammy and her saved lives hand to hand… 5-17 depending on how you score it.  Lost a few too.

Mel:  You’re saying, she perked him into good performance

Tim:  Good performance, good ethics, good manners, that’s Sammy.  She was able to leave at her will, she had ample means and a parachute of Grace no matter what she chose, but in this time, the applied for a Full Bright Scholarship and got it, went to school, English was her second language, this afforded her opportunities to accel in higher education, and he made her See, or otherwise healed her vision, he didn’t do that, they did that together, he found it, funded it and smiled with abundance of joy when she walked out of the Clinic and could see for the first time in her life significant detail.  Sammy re-arranged his whole life for her.  

Sammy:  I applied for Speed School in Louisville and got accepted, sort of pending a cross examination, not sort of, I got accepted and had a job lined up at Up’s to pay for Speed and for the Schooling, and she interviewed and had a job and, we leased an apartment on thereabouts Muhammad Ali  Way, and then we got out on the highway… You drive, we hopped in her car, and I don’t know, Mel here, I don’t know if you’ve ever seen a Mexican jumping bean blinded by the light, but the way I understand it, is the interstate, tell em Sammy: the interstate wasn’t stopping, and she didn’t start driving until the age of 19 or so, and limited, only in our small town and usual routes.  Her vision was 20/400 or something, coke bottle glasses, she didn’t check her mirrors as she merged, not over the shoulder, and I pulled the plug.  We can’t move here and do this, you’re going to get killed.  I then forfieted, Mel here because this one applies to me, I then forfeited my deposits and all the money and time I had invested and Moved to Nashnowhere New york, Tim:  Nashville would have been worse than this, he moved them to Nowswhereville, hashtag Indiana.  

Bill:  Now this was when Pence was Governor okay, I wasn’t there and fuck this story, I never did any of that shit, but the pinning of the hands, clever, I’d say she could have broken the grasp, you know growing up with two brothers and all… Furthermore, her brothers Love him, truly, and everlastingly as here’s Timmy…

Tim:  I was-nt there either, but the Church was as they were both baptized Catholic… oh who am kidding I was and I wasn’t. Fuck that, I was, I was there I was Baptized Catholic, I’m a lovre Mechanic for the Kingdom of Christ apparently at least, Not to mention, Sammy tell them…



Sammy:  My birthday is July 13th, My Grandmother Martha and my Mother are my connection to the Holy Church of and Kingdom of Gotama.  I’m not Jeremiah and I am becoming.  Now what the heck is that?  I’m telling you he’s a DJ Mechanic Lovreton Quarter Finals, Radio City DJs lovring love mechanically in and for him, because he is my patient and I am his, mechanically not mechanically, In Love.  Listen to me, when you are taught, you begin embarking on a smote deck plane of reality from which hence forth and never will be again, hostile towards anyone, because I’m in on the Lovre.  My ethics proclude me from wonder me, or better says Vvanderment as it pertains to Lovring mechanically lovers or otherwise, being who I seek to be mating partners with, bed ridden, hashtag blessed.  It behooves me to say at this Juncture that the ectoplasm has been shot once too many in self discovery activities as previously aforementioned, that Sammy has come on a long journey to understand sexuality and it’s Lovreton relationship as it pertains to Lovre mechanics, in the incorpreal and otherwise, putting the Vessle through apprehension of process, which is occurring in and of yourselves, in all sorts of ways, and this example was to show Sammy, two things, really, One the mammalian dominance primordial and Bobby here, Primordial substance for which all things seek emergence from within and without laughter in the Galley settle down, Sammy’s mind is wondering like a dart, and you know what he’s wrong and he’s wrong… The writings you see here are describing.. Sammy is wrong, categorically about the type of manuever ratio or otherwise leverage it takes to Lovreton and otherwise, to prevent said Goo from otherwise, That’s primordial substance to yous not paying attention, from otherwise damaging the hopes and dreams of hashtag tomorrow… In otherwords, Lovreton’s finest quarterback may or may not had forceable sex with wife, one time, maybe not, maybe go fuck yourselves… but all is I’m saying, the chains were moved forward, Tim:  Broken all togetherly… and furthermore, in their place a new form of trust and security, because and this is a touchy subject, not subtle for replication, but this stuff is happening all over the world, rape violence torture, mayhem… It’s true, this is not that.  Bobby:  Nobody raped no body, and get that straight in the headlines, unless he didn’t in which case, it’s no bodies business anyway, but thats what I’m telling you, everything is, tell em Sammy:  Everything is witnessed, everything is recorded, back to you Bob, and everything is Judged, most of you on your best of merits and I’m looking at you eyes without a cause… Tim as Terrance or Terrance who knows:  And that’s what I’m saying, Lovreton’s Quarter back is a real ace hole and therefore is not fit for duty, unless he isnt, then he might be… am I making it clear to you?  We are talking about 5-6 days, weeks maybe of this man’s life which define and each one carefully thought out, worked out so that we could use this as a use case and we worked endlessly to minimize risk for all parties and Lovre with conditions, ethics… 

Tim here, sorry we took a little Lovreton pace off break, where we walk laps talking through the next line because this is eye-teeth for Sammy, I hope you’re enjoying this…now here we go and listen to me, what you’ve done in your life, this aint an analog, this is a teaching lesson for you and the eyes behind and within your eyes, witnessing this… Listen to me and understand this… Lovreton Officials get disqualified for violations and he didn’t violate or didn’t he… I’m going to make a suggestion, don’t say violate, because the Vessle has something to do with where the crew end up, but the crew and I’m talking to you eyes behind the eyes, we see you and we’re putting on a Brilliant show in this man’s, that being Sammy, as was done with Mine, in different ways but  I digress, so too are being done in yours… Don’t lead your People astray.  He is Gotama, I am Gotama.  Now help me try to explain this straightforward without side winding Sammy.  In the beginning there was what… 

In the beginning there was a great unfolding, in Lovre Mechanic Principles, there is a Fantastic Four equivalent to the light, that is darkness… that aint me…
2Pac:  haha… that aint me either Nigga. 

Tim:  In the beginning there were four girls two of them got raped leaving 3 girls accusing one man of assult of which he did not commit… Except on his wife one time, except it wasnt him, and maybe it’s not you all and maybe Lovreton needs an overall..

2Pac:  This nigga is telling off everything and he aint do shit.  Do ya’ll feel me?  

Tim:  In the beginning there were two lovreton assholes and I was one of those assholes, but I wasn’t at all, I’m a Para-Psychologist and otherwise, everyone was not hurt in the process, discomforted temporaneously, but not injured, and not broken, and furthermore, no communication became a beautiful expression of Faith, between hostile lovers forelorned, there is a window for which to slip out of, He lost her, his words, because he was druglorning too hard, he was pushing both buttons… you tell them Sammy

It was before the epidemic, and I was pushing both of the buttons on the elevator and holding them, trying to levitate and trying to cure the insufferable disc pain in my L-2, L-3 Lumbar area, from hashtag sitting for hours, days, weeks, months, year over year, building businesses, and Lovring mechanically, or rather, Bobby here, not lovring mechanically.  All good meth heads know that what goes up must go down, and it hurts when you go down, and you know what eases that pain and puts your ass in the grass for longer, taller or otherwise, pentagrammertonamically, but a digress… That’s right AIds candy… Bill here:  This aint AIDS Candy doncha know this is organized, pry the griddle back off the sausage, and lovre mechanically into the thresholds of… oh wait a minute… that shit totally werked, kinda sort of except she never reconciled it that way, or she didn’t, but she kinda did, actually Mel: Mel here… Are you fucking crazy… drop it, no more talking about it… Oh did she leave you?  What did she say when she goooo’d…

You know I lost 2 friends to the AIDS Candy epidemic, or maybe 3 or 4 or maybe more you know… you know the AIDS Candy Epidemic that the hahtag Lovreton Quarter City Finals National Champion was a victim of… If you’d even call it that, more just fucking myself then anything else.   I mean I didn’t know what I was doing at the time…

Tim:  We lead the Horse to water to see if it will drink… That’s what the FDA did with the help of Purdue Pharma in the hashtag 80s or whatever, they released the beast and I say this unto thee…

Fear not for the beast is dead, but he’s not, he’s foolish, he, they, plural, they are in your head. You are the Vessel and they are the crew, whatever you say goes, but they are suggestive and can line you up for regression or otherwise, wreck your vessle as they can do.  Is it hateful or sinister or lust?  Does it come from you or come from above?  In jest we lovre and in lovre we smite, let the dusk fall unto the night, in Darkness….

Charlie Murphy: look these niggas be telling off some shit I aint fixing to have my Black ass attached to in stature… here’s Prince

Prince:  Wooooah… I wasn’t there but I’ve been on both sides of this one physically… and so has Sammy, but I aint trying to tell off his shit but he said I could, so what it is, but he aint yeah, and I isnt but I am understanding that you are trying to protect women and bring to the forefront of mind forelorning and otherwise, showing how abuse… let Sammy say it… ok one last thing… Report abuse when it happens, if it happens, and don’t falsely accuse, and listen to each other and don’t hurt one another, and Love unconditionally and Peace in the Middle East, and we are the world…

Tim:  As it unfolds we begin to uncover more and more hidden secret layers of which Bobby and I haven’t cognitively prepared ourselves for, unless we havent… Now listen to Sammy tell you a story in his own words.>> Sammy tell them about how you met Alexandra The Great…


In the Beginning I was Moses the Great Miamodenes the 2nd aberration of apprehension… In Lovre Mechanics there are two Principles and the Vice Principle is overruling the Principle on account that He is NOT the Great Miamodenes but the reconstitution of the original Moses, by forelorned standards or otherwise, business trips unusual in the desert freeing bad guys of their covenant and otherwise, wrestling 70 ft cobras in the heat of the pacific Sun overhead, with the Lovre Magicians of the Orient, pop wise, taking scope breaks just to reorient the next glance for protocol delivery movement, or otherwise, apprehension of Grace as decided and maneuvered or hear wise, designed, explained, narrated, co-authored by me at some point, I wasn’t there for this moment… Here’s Tim:  Here’s Mosh:  In the Begiinning I was told I was Moses.  Or of Moses depending on your interpolation of previous forelorned events.  And who did you see Sammy in the Beginning, Bobby speaking…  


In the Beginning, my first contact, in my early 20s or maybe forlorned before, was with Tim.  I listened to tape deck audiobook and audiobook… Bobby:  get to the hashtag point… Are you Diogenes are aint ya?  Or maybe let’s talk about Martha in Martha’s Old House of which you were lent, sort of… in previous events, this I was there for, I was the Lovre Study guide of the Horse who would soon become the Lovreton City County Quarterback twice removed and then reinstated, Tim:  Never removed, never reinstated… His life is an example for everyone, that’s why we, I trained him in Psychology, personally with the help with others… Here’s Ram Dass


Ram Dass:  Oh boy you’ve really made a mess with this one, and over such a little thing, a cutesy thing, and you want us to entrust you with the Princess and we will because youre worthy and don’t you ever forget that, why? Because we love you baby, and every waking minute when I direct her towards Sun rise, you’re there hashtag scorching away, sort of, more like Lovreing and Loving, trying to figure out who you really are, openly and honestly, and I don’t feel for you, I mean I do, hashtag gosh darnit, cant take that back, but I don’t but I doooo… I can’t take pity on you is what I mean, because you are as you seek to belong, well most are, you were like this and now you’re not… Look at you baby, you're saving the world.  They don’t know what you’ve done yet, what you and Timmy and Bobby, and Me and Terrance and Samuel and Bill, and Hunter: hey now dont bring me into the punch… And all of this Gotama Nation and all of the Kingdoms of God, have maneuvered to make your life so… We are not preparing you two for the grave, we are preparing you to tell all and be the full disclosure use case that your deserve, because your life is worthy Sammy, messy yes, but we like messy for you at this time, or we led you to water and you drank, but you didn’t mostly, that’s what People don’t realize about you and soon to be her one day, is that you both have endured a cycle of the cross, not at our hands alone, did we put you there… Dice jumping in here… Dass:  I don’t need your help on this one Father Andrew, Catholics capeeshe…. Not me, I’m the shinie prince of the underworld, fellow you got to believe me, or don’t that’s up to you, I’m just saying… Dice I got this… In the Beginning there was Rebecca and Isaiah, shout out to fruit flies… Shout out to Uncle Mike…and Lovretons National Quarter Finals Champion weren't either of them, but they might have been, were, are now, go read about it and get back to us.  We on both sides of the coin, have been and will be, and you know what else we are doing, making a show of the infinite fidelity that links two lovers.  In that, in the Beginning there were a bunch of beautiful men and women heavenly invested in Lovreton National Quarter Finals Contestants Mary Lou and Samuel… and Samuel stayed with Gotama and Mary Lou stayed with well Gotama’s little Princess, and they switched, and each one fell in love with the other and….

DICE: That’s what I’m saying here….. 

Ram Dass: I got it Dice, thank you very much, you’re saying.. Go ahead…

DICE:  I’m saying the Princess aint the Princess and Sam Elliot aint Samuel and he’s with her and she’s with him or he’s on assignment because Sammy cast him unto another for fixing half time show performances on rebaters in the burbs, but I digress…

Ram Dass:  What I’m trying to say is, Lovreton National City Finals Champions are McLovred and Adored by the Leagues of Angels that Lovre in order to show you, our grand and noble audience, signs as we’ve, Sammy mostly… totally, a hip-toemist with a chewy core… Talking about you tubby… he’s just got a little chunk… Uncle Mike chiming in we eat, he gets it from us, we work, and we love he’s only say… 10lb -20lb over weight… Ram Dass:  Can you see what we are doing?  Uncle Mike: Maybe 30lb give or take an inch… Ram Dass: Maybe 15, and we are and have included their respective passed members of the their authentic and authoritative hashtag Family, and Friends.    

Shout out to Mandy Paul and Ashley, from Doctor Doug Mwah… I’m fine baby, I’m alive.  And this priq is fucking incredible, my words not his, you know he cringes everytime he swears in text, almost, he just about came around the bend in his own words up there.  Isn’t that incredible… In the Beginning there was Me and Sammy, and Sammy punked the shit out of me, and he was right kind of and I kind of got Lovred, and you know what else, my wife cheated on me with another man, and I couldnt handle the shame and disgrace and so I checked out and now I’m here, and my kids are fine because there’s Lovreton Cities finest… Because guess what, if you are connected with this guy, you’re connected Everlastingly at least… In the Lovreton Semi Quarter Finals Championship there was Me and Sammy, and I forfeited because you know what… I love this mother fucker with all my heart, yeah he’s a priq, he’s a funny priq, he’s a priq that will get your goad and you know what else… He wont leave shit alone if it’s wrong… His regression recovery strategies, that he is manifesting pathological… He is a classic, beautiful use case, isn’t even cutting it, he’s a human beyond repair and he knows it, and loves it, he lovres it, and he’s hurt a few feelings in his time, but he doesnt take anything from anyone, and that includes me, he didn’t, doesnt, wont, dont, couldnt wouldnt take shit from anyone, and he calls it like he sees it… Ahh yeah hashtag fuckng bitch… in the beginning there was two and now there’s one, and who cares because I’m with the most incredible display of human and Spirit intelligence, responsible, delight ful, playful, elegant, hashtag blessed, damned, the works, this is a Spectle.  His life is a spectacle and we’re all apart of you.. Not you, because you suck or whatever, but I don’t I’m the fucking royal King blood, the Holy Filament, Moshima shining through… This guy, Sammy, goes in knowingly, wifully like him and Tim rehearsed every detail of it over the past 1700 thousand decades or so forelorned ago… our fore fathers and holy mothers of occupation and compliance, set forth on a bold new journey becoming consciousness, without and with in as the the saying goes, above below, inside outside, he is and we are, and I am and you are, we are all but this one, Sammy, has surrendered to the process as a willful and knowing participating or otherwise Doctor Sammy, or Doctor Eric hashtab blessed has surrendered himself, is surrendered unto being a subject of this conceptual how to for the corporeal and incorporeal alike, to witness the ethical way of manevuring as the incorporeal, guiding and lovring the vessel, or how to ethically and otherwise physically steer the vessle, ethically mind you, without inducing disturubance patterns here’s Tim:  in otherwords we have a group of doctors on Mr Moss including that of his once arch nemsis and now his friend Everprestently, and Everlastingly at least, in both admiration and as a study under my direction and guidance as a Providing Physician, of Para-Psychology… let Doctor Doug tell you about it… In the Beginning there was a Lovreton Official and Eric Moss was his hashtag name, and listen to me, I’m not a fan…. Mel:  We get it we get it, you lovred one another and now you love one another… but we are talking about whiskey soda sunrises and what the hell is she doing here, or otherwise, forced entry… am I wrong, 

Tim:  Well it wasn’t forced entry, is what I’m telling you and it wasn’t Lovre mechanics highlighter fluid… So anyway, Doctor Houser want’s to tell you a story… a Doogie by any other name… In the Beginning there was me, I was a young Doctor, youngest to Graduate Med school in my year, at that time, with honors, Phd, 28 or so.. When I met this poor Virginian grand mama, who bought me a car, stole me a house, grade A fine piece of lovre mechanic magician waddler… well anyway, I raped her…. She was about 29 years or so, 27 who’s counting years older than me at the time, and listen it wasnt and it was.  Not my choice, it isn’t what she ask for, she paid me to do it.. She was a old school Lovre mechanic, old money, one of my colleagues grand nephews nieces brother or whatever…   As I was saying before I was rudley interrupted by the hashtag Rape allegations which never came to fruition because, we’ll that too was part of her fantasy but it wasnt… What do you do when a Woman 30 years your elder, who is paying for you and taking care of you, asks you to lay down and she’ll rub you, and make you feel good if you rub her and make her feel good?  Well that didn’t happen because she was about 70-90 lbs depending on the temperature and humidity… Little old tiny lady… and guess what… it wasnt… but it wasn't…Now listen to me the thing about Lovre Magicians Mechanic School for the Nimrod, Mel Brooks here,  is you can never be too sure about who you lay down with or what's going to happen, but here's what I’m trying to tell you, Take away Doug: The thing about it is, it wasn't like that at all… I mean she said it was because she was directed to do so, to belittle and disgrace me, but that was like her kink, no this was a Lovreton Official with a Federal Agent, and you know what… this is Tim, we are going to tell it like it is… Mel: and it aint… Doug:  I did it.  Mel: And that’s Doctor Doug to you Sammy, and you’ll never forget it.  Tim: Now tell them Sammy what you told us.  

In a months time or a year or so ago, or there after… she came to me in this white knit gown, and wilfully, fully prepared for Love making as it were, and climbed, or otherwise, straddled me, lifting her knitted top for which to engage me physically, and something happened… I fell in love with her, the innocence of the moment, now mind you this only happened 3-4 times over the course of years not decades, or maybe it was decades, because it wasn’t peculiar it wasn’t lame, it wasn't shameful, it was Grace.  We were stuck in this situation, I seemingly not a willful participant in the greater context, in this particular context, I was heart struck.  She was lonely, she probably still is, and I miss her, she was maneuvered to capture me and I fell in love with her innocence.  Gaia was with her.  It’s so strange to reminisce… no I didn’t and nor did she to me.  As Dali once said… She is my little french cookie.  Or ello es mi un fortante fortnight in Cannelton Park with my slipper dips a poodling with a whiskey rye staring side wond ways eyes staring… In blaze do we part, in flames that carry us from the Lovre to the rising to the Baptismal to the Mitzvah to the shame and back up again, the flame of beauty is elusive and undiscovered, the Love we have we shared will persist everlastingly, for i know not yet I know… I lovre not yet I love, I whisper I hashtag whisper I love you but she doesn't believe me. How could she, she can't imagine me to be as I am, as I was born and so told the forelorning of otherwise and planet in drimmel terms, zuuuuuuuuuuuuuulluuuuuuuuuuuuuuu… as parts wind up and windy dusks billow… .Mel: Hold it, hold up…  Zuuuuuuuuuuullluuuuuu… what the fucka re we talking about… doncha mean… Zoom zoom zoom mister E you got to go… Sammy:  That’s what I’m saying, and she loved and lovred me, and I know this because I’m alive today.  Hashtag Enough Said.  Love you little thing.  Siempre serás mi pequeña galletita francesa.


Ram Dass:  And you see there are two Principles in Voice Acting Land, one of them is me, I’m Doctor Doug and I am your arch nemesis and you’re best friend, kind of not really… and the other Principle… Doctor Doug, go ahead and tell em…

You see Sammy, “Doctor Douggie” as you put it, snarking, reporting in for duty <mockingly, childishly, Mel here, what you are about to witness is stupid, naieve, perturbed and otherwise, hashtag real and uncensored People, step right up this is the Lovre of the century… and we Let Doctor Doug take the wheel on this Lovre… because well you see, Sammy, Doctor Doug did do that, in high school, or Quarter back century club or whatever else you want to call it with that rich retired lawyer chick, who always had Jury Duty but never was summoned, and Resident Advisor Doug was her main thicket and well she liked it one way, and you got it folks, 30 years his superior preying on a young feast of a man, our pal and good time favorite Lovre Magician, hashtag Doug>: Doug talking through, so as they say in Japan, eh eh eh… Yokimo shodito fit shity un flavorton tobacco or otherwise, Hoshmoto, and I have crossed paths, because I did it unto him as it had been done to me, because well if you delve it, ye shall delve it, et cetera.  Mel’s terms.  Ram Dass:  Speaking side ways for a minute, hey I don’t think I like where this is going or maybe I do… so youre saying it takes a Carmelite nun essentially to approve the otherside of the case, or otherwise Victim?  Mel:  That’s not what we are saying, in this case at all, because there was no victim, just good, unadulterated, lustful, not really, Sammy says it was tender, having said that, Sammy try to explain it to them…

Sammy: It wasn't in my wheel house, like this was not a check on my bucket list of desires or complexes or anything I had been impusled to do.  I was chaiste for years from the years of 200BC- 1997 give or take a millennium, Bill: what Sammy is trying to say is… Drugs are bad… mkay…. Mel: Quit the forelorning, wasted democrats… Bill: Hey Mel I’ll resemble that mmmkay… Mel and here’s Tom with the weather
Tom:  Forecast blame, half past the century ago she was lorned to be his little flower child and so they lept into a Lovers journey, living loving and maneuvering till death do they part, but they didn’t and they did, and the followed and lovred and maintained, they worked, and when the moment was just right, our eyes locked and our velvet… 

Mel:  Are you meaning to tell me… <Gasping> Crimmity….
Zappa:  Mother Mary and Joesph…


So in the beginning there was a bunch of horny sex robots and in them were a bunch of Lovreton magicians making them f….

Mel:  Okay okay, enough of this, it’s just we are isolating demographics…. 

Ram Dass:  Sit down Mel you’re blocking the view… In and there and everywhere, how far or how near… 

Mel:  So what’s this mean for Yotama and Gotama?  

Ram Dass:  Well Yotama is non-existent and Gotama is not here nor there nor talking as Ram Dass, but perhaps he isnt and he aint, and he never will be again because I’m going to put my foot down. Terrence:  hiiii… ok listen to me folks in the beginning there me Sammy and me and I loved his black ass, and he was my sister, and my slave and I maneuvered him to take over the whole of the kingdom and then he got my heart and now I’m on a never ending quest to find a Vessel for which him and I can lovre mechanically or otherwise, Love each other physically <enunciated portamento> In the beginning, I loved him as he was, A shy innocent kid who was hashtag Sam Kinison Wet behind the ears.  Tim Lovreton:  I cant say enough about all of the men and women and otherwise, both living and undying… In the Beginning there was Terence and Hill-Billy Sammy and when I do my rounds, I fell in Love and Lovre with you, you big ol lush.  You aint tall like cotton, but you are squishy, and that’s what I like picking on you.. And being by your side when you SAM: CRYYYY LIKE A LITTLE BIT….. ok ok Terence:  He didn’t mean that, and thank you for getting it right, not some of the time, usually never of the time or maybe all of the time depending on who’s telling the story…. If it’s Tim Renyolds he’s like who the heck is Sammy?  If it’s our Tim, then Sammy is an anomaly of the Space time continuum and our little puppy dragon and all of that.  In the Lovreton City Olympics Tryout Games there is but one Contestant and the Price isn’t wrong but it isn’t right either, this is not us.   We are working out Lovreton Quarter Finals Champion Updates Press Junkies which will be released in the morning explaining the detail of the run off as it pertains to…

Howard Korsel here… Now listen to me, or otherwise you’ll be left out, <mel: sony mic 1950s broadcaster doo hickey, yeah we had one of those for this voice, take it away Howard>  Bobby: narrating… In the beguiling there are but two Principles, I am neither of these, Sammy you’re on your own.. Except you’re not you got an army of angels as thick as the sands of time aren't red but they are, unless your high flying above the Lovreton Capital in which it smells like Pink Carnations…. Dice: which is what I’m trying to say to ya… Sammy ordered Pink Carnations and he aint gettin’ em yet?  What do you want to tel tell me, Why I oughta I got a good mind to take this up with the Union about half past dawn as the sunrise… Someone take it over…

Tim Narrating:  But no one took it, except for Sammy he took it, and  


Sammy tell them about Sabina Grossman forelorning you, or otherwise molesting your heavenly body when you were but the weee age of 17, or 13, or was she 12 and you were 13?  And she molested you, you got to be kidding me… Now was this before or after you hashtag fucked yourself metaphoricaly…

Terence: Before is my understanding, she imprinted, Ram Dass shining through on the who bar, hashtag rook… She imprinted Sammy with a marshmallow type push it til it holds sort, Sammy didn’t have any idea what he was doing she didn’t have any idea what she was doing, but more than Sammy apparently… and then…  this happened…

<Mel: Sammy paid too attention to the wrong lesson in Sex ed and thought he might have, through marshmallow osmosis… made Sabrna Grosserman hashtag Pregnant, no fluids had been exchanged, but Sammy in his heart knew, because of repeated sex education from City County Public Schools, that if his schnitzel ever came in contact with a… hey which one of these orpheuse takes the plumbers caulk, his words not mine, ask Professor Kunze, his 6th grade lessoner of Geography glit wise, no, dental dam wise, yes, well maybe, go brush your teeth you smart ass, well anyway… Zappa:  Central Scrutinizer here, this man was not raped and has not raped, the white zone is for loading an unloading, Mel:  He was raped a little bit in Marshmellow pushing gravy up the hall way kind of a way, Zappa: Doesn’t count, she the things about beginnings is….  

Mel Singing… When you’re young and active sexually, and you don’t have any experience, tell em Frankie, Zappa: With being hard or otherwise engaging sexually with a woman, then you might be preconceived into thinking…. What’s that Frankie?  That you might have got her hashtag pregnant… 

Dice:  Now picture this, I got you Sammy, he did and he didn’t is all I’m trying to tells you, he says he did, because he Loves us and we’re a bunch of… 

Mell Singing: take it away sweet heart, then you were on the Phone and talking to the end of day, and you hang up and no you hang up and on the other line unbeknownst to him was his Virgin hashtag Holy Mother, Listening, unto me “You’re totally going to be pregnant what are we going to do…” Sammy weeping unbeknownst to the neighbors… and unbeknownst to modern science… Frankie: wait a minute, she got him pregnant?  Mel:  No one got any body pregnant… Frankie, except that one time. Down in the basement with that goofy kind of southern girl with a pennsylvania charm who kinda sort of maybe used to be a little Pony Dancer, on the other side of Cirellas, where Sammy never went but one time he didn’t and was led to a hashtag Fandango Pary Mixer with just him and Her and the Lovreton Reprisal 
 at least  and furthermore,
…

Michael here, whoooo hoooo, heeeeeeh. Chamon good, ohhh-hooo, owh uhft, chamona, heee eeee owwwwww…. in the Beginning there was Lovreton City Quarter Finals Genocide and that wasn’t me, that was ya’ll or whatever…  

2Pac - it aint like that but it is… Ya’ll are sitting here jumping through all these hoops, trying to defer, disperse or evade, the real point that aint being made but isn’t that is AIDS Candy Is Genocide.

Michael: that’s what I’m saying… fine slide whistle, eeeh heeee… I shouln’t have done it, and was I druglorned at the time, maybe, probably, yes… for sure… But I sure as shit didn’t fund or otherwise permit genocide or kill any body, or sit idly by in the face of Genocide.  I did we are the World..

2Pac - We did that shit…

James Browne: hold up hold up, you’re gonna let these Mothersons a guns talk before me… get Prince on the phone…

Prince:  Nu-uh I aint doing it…. I don’t want no problems, ya’ll go do We are the World with Prince, that’s how it all got fucked up.  Leave Michael alone you bunch of thieves in the night.   Him and I and the God father of Soul James Browne in the house tonight.  I am what I say I am.  The Rainbow Children wasn’t written exclusively for Sammy it was also written for Gotama and Gortama and Mortima and Ren and Stimpy kids growing up in the south side of Lexindaviess County on the south side or otherwise downtown, in the north the townes square where they used to sell us on wax… wax works isn’t here but it is.  This was a production and distribution apparatus.  In otherwards, George Carlin, there’s magic here people, at Riverpark Plaza North side, or otherwise under the hashtag Blue Bridge, you know I lovred mechanically under that Blue Bridge… I didn’t and I did, What I’m trying to tell you is I looked him square in the eyes and said… Every single one of you… not all of you because some of you are children unless you were like Sammy in which case, you’ve all had or will have otherwise, probably, not probably a fact of nature if your a boy, because you’re going to taste it, these scumbag down at the liquor store know what I’m talking about… you dab your finger in it and taste it, you’re hashtag Homo, and I love you no matter what but that’s Gay shit…

Iglesis: that aint gay holmes that’s protein dawg. You know how many calories is in a table spoon of that stuff, George: about 37 hashtag sugar cubes of fine pure grade, or otherwise, what Lovre Mechanics Apprentice Magicans call, the Lovreton Quarter Finals Secret Pudding Sauce, he takes a hashtag scoop of his own putty every meourning, in other wise good shape, girgle it, ahhhhh and swallow that shit, 37 calories produced or there about depending on the potion and…. Wait wait 


Michael:  Genocide though… Michael:  Yes, no…not like that.. Like Palenstine you greazy geezers… George:  You talking about me or the Jews?  Greazy the Pot and the Kettle on that one my sister.  I’m a man of the Lord today, or else, Listen to me, In the Beginning there was Me and Michael Jacking and I didn’t give a shit what he did, I loved his shit  and then America committed Genocide and what the fuck are we even talking about any more… Did you see how many people the bullshit hashtag herd immunity killed.  Michaell:  Exactly.  George:  Did you see the dance craze? Michael: yeah… George:  They are oppressing the news around Palenstinian Politics, and domestic protest about American Involvement…. 

 In Virginian Politics there is a fruit fly and a gnat nuh, the fruit fly gets the gravy, the gnat nuh gets the putting, shoe fly shoe, swimmers so hard, in else wise or wozen the the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice my Niggas.  I aint as black as ya’ll but I aint as white as ya’ll I’m just a Nigga living in a strange world with my head on side ways and 

James Brown: Thus the Lovreton Official, will, did does, isnt aint isssss.. responding to stimuli, or the systemic unfolding of the paradoxes, or otherwise, the impotent or potent in this case, the inducement of experience as it was becoming and so it became…
EVERYONE - AS IT WAS BECOMING AND SO IT BECAME
James Brown - In Holy Scripture and otherwise in the testimonies, witnessed in the living, on both sides of the veil, apprehensions beyond command, comprehension beyond <Bobbie> and at a scale with magnitude proportionate to that of quantity of witness account in the flesh and in the vessle, or otherwise apprehended outside the time space continuum, in and through at least, but in the words of Sammy Papadapolis, time is chunked, in and through collective temporal apprehension.  Tim: Everlastingly becoming both in and being of and with, dissolving boundaries, what you once that you were and who you are Becoming simultaneously apprehended in Grace and Plausible Scrutability. Or otherwise, connected hierarchically through ancestral and new bonds, friendships forelorning, James Brown:  in the Kingdom of Abraham  there is but One Jew and that wasn’t me, and it wasn’t Sammy, it was Adam and in and around the Garden we enveloped a collective experience for the first time in the Body, of which we are all Members of through Christ our Lord… Amen

Ram Dass:  It’s not that she was harmed by the experience, she was not, emotionally she was curmuffled as a result of experience from precluding her elusively and unbeknownst to me.  

Bobby with the report:  Sun shines skinny sideways or otherwise if he ever messes with my daughter, whoa now wait a minute, Gargamel might have put her in harms way, Papa Smurf and that ain’t me but is idn’t but it aint, had nothing to do with it, but maybe I didn’t but I did, or who the hell cares anyhow… 

Gotama:  In the beginning there were Lovreton Psychos, I’m not one of them, but I saw one on TV one time.  It wasn’t me but I know a guy who knows a guy who don’t know shit, and that aint Sammy Papadoplous and it aint.  Or isnt. Or not, won't, dont, shouldn't, couldn't didn’t Love ya, can’t stay forever, wrong, forever and a day with you sun shine, I got other patients but I’ve got the time.   




Do ya’ll want to try one… 

This is a Garden, that is the shed, we can’t build a bridge if we are busy thinking with the wrong head. 


 

Dice:  What do you mean no body got hurt, those kids were humiliated. 


Prince:  Let me jump in here… singing Escapade…

Dice: Here’s tom with the weather
  

something about his bat mitzvah. Now listen to me, i didnt say any of that… what I’m trying to said Michael got the shame that cometh with the fame.  I violated, except I did, but I there wasn't an interest…..


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBza5hXZTyw&ab_channel=NesGarder 





